# Nicoloid -- Automatic download and convert to mp3 in Top Nicovideo Ranking

__OWN YOUR RISK__

## Note

* This tool is optimized for VOCALOID.
* If video name contains VOCALOID names, this tool will put to artist tag in ID3.

## Requirement

* Ruby 1.9+ (Ruby 1.9.2+ is supported)

## How to use

1. write config (yaml)
2. run `ruby /path/to/nicomp3.rb /path/to/config_file`

## Configuration

    account:
      mail: your_mail
      password: your_password

    directories:
      temporary: temporary_directory
      output: mp3_directory

    ffmpeg: path_to_ffmpeg

    # If you use ranking as source
    source:
      from: ranking
      method: ranking_method
      span: ranking_span
      category: ranking_category

    # If you use mylist as source
    # (TBD)

    # The followings are optional.

    proxy:
      host: proxy_host
      port: proxy_port

    limit: limit_count_of_videos

### Note

#### output directory

* __output directory will be wiped__ all its including files before converting. please move file which you need.
* output mp3-s will be saved in output directory.

#### Temporary directory

* it will be created automatically before converting, and deleted after converting.

#### What's a ranking_method and span?

* Niconico ranking url includes method, span and category.

http://www.nicovideo.jp/ranking/__METHOD__/__SPAN__/__CATEGORY__

Example: <http://www.nicovideo.jp/ranking/fav/daily/vocaloid>

    source:
      method: fav
      span: daily
      category: vocaloid

## License

MIT Licence

(c) Shota Fukumori 2011

>  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
>    of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
>    in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
>    to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
>    copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
>    furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
>    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
>    all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
>    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
>    IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
>    FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
>      AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
>      LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
>    OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
>      THE SOFTWARE.

